Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
An accident has
been reported at Chai Wan
Nuclear Power Station.
Hathaway. Cell search.
Hands behind you.
Open 16.
Go, go, go!
Search everything.
Get off that!
Hey!
Take him down!
One, two, three, up!
Stay strong, carnal.
This was found
in your cell.
You added $900 to all your
pals' commissary accounts
in your cell block.
Is this the attack tool?
With it,
you open up a terminal
and that gives
you a command line?
That how you broke into the network
and plussed-up the balances?
No.
I used it to call Santa
in the North Pole
and told him to do
Christmas early this year.
What do we know
about this guy?
His grandfather was
a military commander
in Shanghai in the '20s,
in the '30s against the
Japanese through the Civil War.
His father became
China's Undersecretary
for Trade to the UN.
He came with to New York.
Bronx High School
of Science, MIT.
His sister's a network engineer
in the private sector.
She grow up
in New York, too?
No.
He's a rising star in PLA's
Cyber Defense section.
Liaise with them?
It's inviting them
into the henhouse, Carol.
Stanley, we go head-to-head
with the Chinese
on their cyber intrusion
every day of the week.
Not a bad idea to be face-to-face
working with them, for once.
You monitor very closely what they
do and do not have access to.
Okay?
Send the code.
Okay.
Let's go somewhere we can talk.
Hey, hey...
English might be better.
Come on.
Tomorrow? I can't.
It's impossible.
Why not?
I've got
an optical-overlay network
that's got to be up
in 17 days.
They sent me
some code tonight.
The black hat who hit
the Chai Wan reactor.
When I looked at the
code, it was, uh...
And?
I have to have a network
engineer with me I can trust.
Really trust.
Like, 100%.
When do we leave?
The meltdown in China
and the run-up in soy yesterday
was facilitated
by the same RAT.
How it got loaded in
in the first place,
we don't know.
But, once inside,
it de-cloaked and
became what it really is.
A remote access tool.
A RAT.
The RAT's job was to open a back
door in our system and call home.
The black hat then used his back
door to inject a second part.
It's payload.
That is what rode up soy.
Now that we're looking at the
RAT and payload closely,
we're thinking
they were...
Written by different authors.
How we figured that out
was through the coding in the RAT.
Though several years old,
it is lean, graceful.
The payload's coding,
on the other hand,
feels frenetic, confused...
Frenetic?
Or overwritten?
So, the question
we're dealing with is...
Is there somewhere
we can talk?
...and if it is two,
they may not be working
in close proximity.
Daniels is qualified
in computer forensics.
An intern could have
written that report.
Oh, really?
And who do we need,
if not Daniels?
And "liaise" in "liaison
group" implies mutuality.
You don't like our boy,
what ideas are you
bringing to the dance?
A man named Hathaway.
He's a convicted hacker,
serving 15 years in U.S.P.
Canaan in Waymart,
Pennsylvania.
You telling me
some hacker in prison
is hitting our
financial markets?
No. But we want
Hathaway on the team
so he can help out
the investigation.
He hit four
major banks,
ran up $46 million
in damages.
And that's just
what we know about.
You want the DOJ to do
anything other than laugh?
Daniels said two authors
wrote the virus.
I don't know who
wrote the second half,
but the first half, the RAT,
the remote access tool that Daniels
called "lean and graceful"?
One of the original authors
is me.
I co-wrote it,
as a gag,
years ago at MIT.
And my roommate,
the genius lead author?
Nicholas Hathaway.
That's right.
The hacker found the RAT
online and modified it.
If we want to move
around within this code
looking for clues to
the hacker's identity,
we need it's lead architect.
The reactor in China,
I heard about,
but the spike
in soy futures...
All right,
I didn't know any of this.
We don't get a lot
of new news in here.
The US government would like
your technical advice on this.
In exchange for that,
we're going to furlough
you right out of here.
You sign that
on the last page,
and we'll get
you processed.
You'll wear
an ankle bracelet
and be accompanied
by a US Marshal.
Your computer access
will be restricted.
If you wanna study
the whole document,
you can go right ahead.
I can come back
in a month or two.
No, I'm done.
You didn't sign it.
Yeah.
Why would I sign it? Why?
Because of the generosity
of the Assistant US Attorney
in granting you a furlough.
Both you and
the Assistant US Attorney
can stick that
document up your ass.
I'm sorry?
Why are you sorry?
I insulted you.
What are you sorry for?
I'm not sorry.
Don't think you're gonna...
Hey.
You wanna raise
me up out of here,
solve your trade
exchange dilemma,
and I get a furlough
for a couple of weeks?
You kidding me?
You have any idea how much
progress you're gonna make
on a strike this complex
without someone like me?
Zero.
This isn't a negotiation.
I just made it one.
You want me?
You pass this upstairs.
If my assistance results
in the identification
and the apprehension
of the guy you're after,
I want you to commute
my sentence.
If I come up empty,
you toss my ass
back in the can.
Those are the terms.
Guard.
Interview's over.
Barrett, how badly
do you need this guy?
It's so good
to see you, bro.
Not half as much as it
is for me to see you.
Let's get out of here.
So, you planned to reunite with your
friend from the moment you landed?
It entered my mind.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Okay. Please keep
them out of sight,
if you can help it.
See? He ripped off
and repurposed our code.
- What the hell is this?
- What?
The agreement was an approval
and a presence for
his computer access.
I approved it.
A DOJ approval.
Now you're changing
the goalposts?
Hola, chica.
You came to me.
How am I supposed
to do my work?
On an abacus
or something?
"Chica"?
Am I Hispanic?
What the hell's going on?
I advocated
getting you over here.
I pulled every string to get your
convicted felon sprung, Mr. Chen.
"Captain" Chen.
And I didn't ask.
I offered partnership,
an equivalent,
or we would do it
on our own.
Well, I'll be happy
to bust him back to Canaan
and put your ass on the
first plane back to China.
He apologizes.
My brother misunderstood
our arrangement,
Special Agent.
Look around.
I have to run
the morning backup.
Your network is sitting
behind deep packet inspection,
intrusion protection.
It's extensively
firewalled.
Exactly.
So somebody had to physically enter
this room and plug the virus in.
We reviewed keycard
scans and surveillance tapes.
There was no
unauthorized entry.
Now, we're thinking about
a routing weakness.
That's too complicated.
He wouldn't have done that.
Yeah. Well,
what you're proposing
didn't happen.
There's only one person who's
authorized to access these terminals.
Me.
And my password
is my thumbprint.
May I?
Sure.
Can I have some
approval now?
All right.
This is the code for our RAT.
See, it's compact.
It's slick.
Under a meg.
You would never
have picked up on it.
Ever leave that
USB drive on your desk?
I suppose so.
Who works here
who doesn't like you?
Recently hired? Fired?
No.
Who?
Lozano.
His mother passed away.
He left two weeks ago.
John Lozano.
He was only
on the job for a month.
- He have access to your office?
- Yes.
I'll pull his
employment records.
Everything will
come up phony.
Except this.
You got his photo ID?
Yeah.
This section of his code
right here is a mess.
There's 25 lines,
he's left text.
It looks incomplete.
Are they notes to himself?
Dead-end ideas?
Maybe he's still writing.
Yeah, that's good.
So if you've got the ability
to move a commodity
any way you want,
what do you do?
I play it out long and low-key.
I do not do one big spike.
Instead, I'd play it
out month after month.
Less risk of detection.
Yeah, right.
But our guy jacks soy
250% in a day.
Mmm-hmm.
It's flashy. He knows
he's gonna bring down heat.
Maybe he needs cash.
Fast.
He's got the money
from the soy run-up.
And he's busy writing
code for what's next.
I think the real hit
is still to come.
We have Lozano's photo.
What's on his neck?
Kid had tattoos.
You have any
routine surveillance tapes?
Right there.
Face of stone.
Pollack.
It's me.
Can you have someone
jump on the NCIC database?
Search for Latino males
under 30 with priors in,
I don't know,
anything like carding,
identity theft,
who were in West Texas
prison gangs.
Our cowboy has a tattoo
on his shoulder.
He's with Los Zapotecas.
I'm sending you
something right now.
That's him
in the bottom left.
Alonzo Reyes.
Did two years in
Huntsville for carding.
Paroled. Moved back to LA.
I'll have LA pick him up.
He's gonna monitor
his home grid. I did.
We got a better shot getting a
first look at him ourselves.
Isn't that why
you brought me here?
Okay?
Yeah. Go ahead.
That means you and
me are on the money.
Unless you think you can
do that on your own, too.
I do okay.
You do, huh?
Let's see how you handle
the financial sector.
Thanks, Stanley.
My eye's on you.
Where do you think
I'm going?
This guy is one step away from
my "get out of jail free" card.
So...
How can I help?
We want to see
your trading records
of your traders who took large
profits from the soy run-up.
You're requesting
I turn over records
to the FBI
and a foreign power
on thousands of private
brokers and traders?
Afraid I can't possibly
accommodate you.
You're gonna protect the person
who manipulated your market?
No. You're casting
your net way too wide,
Mr. Chen.
You want to see my data,
you come up with something
a little more tangible.
Something more in the way
of probable cause
than your hunch.
Gary.
May I call you Gary?
How's this for tangible?
In the next 15 seconds
I call Laura Greer
at the Commodities
Trading Commission.
And I say,
"Laura, how you doing?
"I'd like to launch an official
investigation on one Gary Baker."
So the headline,
"M-Tech Official Investigated for
Aiding and Abetting Cyber Criminals"
leaks to CNN
in the next 90
so it makes the three
o'clock news cycle,
as well as
the nightly news.
That'd be good, too.
Am I being tangible?
Gary?
Look around here.
But I stay here with you.
No take nothing.
Hey, mi carnal?
What happened to you?
He has WRT hardware
and an onion router.
He can route encrypted data and
stay anonymous with no IP address.
Yeah,
somebody must have
told him how to set it up.
She probably called 911.
Who's the woman?
It's the manager.
Mrs. Novo.
Here, let me see it.
Here. Try it now.
Barrett, this is Jessup.
Mmm-hmm.
Thanks, Jessup.
Well, we better make following
the money pay off,
Reyes isn't. He's dead.
Oh, great.
Wait a minute.
We've been looking
for buyers of soy.
Switch to sellers.
Only our player would know
exactly when to get out.
Reyes got an email
about a drop tonight.
With no Reyes,
we gotta find a new link
to our main player.
I'm gonna see who shows.
You tell Jessup?
No. They'll spot
him 10 blocks away.
You get into not
enough for one day?
Look,
I play it my way,
it works.
It don't,
at least I own it.
I go, too.
You look not so different
from the pictures.
What pictures?
That my brother
sent me before.
Why you're in prison?
Hmm.
I was in a bar,
I met some girl,
and some guy got
in my face about her.
He started a fight
and when it's over,
he's in the hospital
and I'm arrested.
I wound up sentenced to
18 months at MCI-Norfolk.
I traded academia
for gladiator academy.
Then what?
Then I got out.
I'm 22,
and not a lot going
on in Silicon Valley
for an ex-con with no degree.
So.
Carding?
Yeah, that and
I was in wholesaling internationally.
I had an eight-year run,
then the Feeb caught up
with me.
And I got 13 years.
You have regrets?
Regrets? No.
The banks got hit for
the losses, not people.
I didn't burn people.
I don't burn people.
No.
I mean, banks are chiseling
everybody all the time, anyway.
I don't feel sorry
for banks, no.
I mean, I'm sorry for
what happened to you.
Don't be.
I'm not fishing for sympathy, here.
I did the crime,
I'm doing the time.
Time isn't doing me.
What's that mean?
I do my own time,
not the institution's.
See, to hold on to
who you are in there,
you dedicate yourself
to your program.
You work out on your
body and your mind.
Open your eyes.
What'd you say?
You talk like you
are still in prison.
But you're not in prison.
Get your thinking
to where you are,
not where you've been.
What do you know
about where I've been?
No. Nothing.
No, nothing.
But...
Okay, tell me,
what is it I'm supposed
to start seeing so fast?
Where you are.
What, Koreatown?
- This restaurant, this table?
- What?
You'll be in the rapid
stream of decision-making.
Having to make
intuitive choices.
The people against you
are high-speed,
world-class dangers.
To be genius coder
to outsmart, out-think
like my brother
always said you could,
you have to think
about it clear.
Not easy, I know.
There's no transition time.
But I believe you
are a very strong man.
Very smart man.
Here, Chen.
Three trades.
Three different accounts.
Large volumes.
They all sell within
minutes of each other.
Just at the soft close,
at 13:13 and 13:14.
Timed perfectly
when to dump.
What's that?
- Bank accounts. Foreign.
- Same place, all three.
Where?
Hong Kong.
You want your bill?
You not order more,
you give up table.
You're really hurting
for space, huh?
Maybe our guy
is no-show.
What is it?
Let's go.
What's happening?
Who are you?
Why are you here?
Watch out!
Ahhh!
Hey, hey! Hey!
And Reyes
probably was killed.
The email on his
computer was bait.
Whoever this is wanted to see
if we were on Reyes' trail.
We're burned.
Could you track it
to our guy's location?
No, the video feed went through
a proxy server in the Ukraine.
Who knows where
it bounces to off that?
Yeah, and our players
are foreign, too.
What about the money?
Three accounts,
all in the same place.
They took $74 million.
We're going to
follow the money.
Where?
Put my sister on.
We're flying
to China in the morning.
- My dad was a steel worker.
- Single father.
He raised us on his own.
Came to visit, twice.
Then he got sick.
I used to replay memories
so I could stay oriented
for when I got out.
Captain Chen?
Paul Wang, CNCERT.
In here.
What's the status?
We're trying to restore
coolant by pumping in sea water.
I got more injured.
Since it happened,
was there any
demand for money?
No.
Then it's not
about extortion.
Is he political?
A terrorist attack?
Any declaration?
No claim. No statement.
What does this guy want?
What did
the malware attack?
Programmable Launch
Controllers. PLCs.
They tell the pumps
to turn on, turn off,
to cool the reactor.
Any idea where
the attack originated?
I was tracking the
malware when the core went.
We had to evacuate.
But if a machine failed,
it should have saved the
memory to a diagnostic file.
Yeah, that's right.
And in that memory dump
may be your traces of code.
Maybe even this
guy's real IP address.
But those servers are
in the control room.
Everything is still hot.
We're fighting
a meltdown.
Chen Lien.
Inspector Alex Trang,
Hong Kong Police.
Hathaway,
US Marshal Mark Jessup.
Hello.
So, is this them?
These the guys?
Yeah.
We got anything?
Here they are.
Johnny Li,
Yan Lin, Samuel Wu.
Li just got out of
prison two months ago.
Yan and his mother
are both junkies.
Wu runs a chop shop.
Hardly commodities
speculators.
They're fronts?
Proxies?
So how do they communicate?
How do they connect up
to our actor?
They don't.
Phones,
the Internet.
And we've been on them
all day and all night.
Nothing.
If you were our player,
right now,
what would be
your next move?
I'd make my trail go cold.
How?
I'd cash out.
Cash money doesn't
leave a trail.
Pick it up.
Walk it anywhere you want.
But the money
hasn't moved yet.
There's no activity
in the accounts.
Yeah,
this is all too clean.
I mean, there's got to be
somebody between them,
talking to them,
instructing them,
telling them what to do.
There has to be
someone in contact.
It wouldn't be
the main player.
Too much exposure.
A middle man?
They didn't all fall by
here by accident either.
Where?
Can I see this?
Right there.
Where's this?
Yau Ma Tei.
Great.
OCTB.
We're running
a surveillance.
On whom?
Some Lebanese guy on our
trafficker watch list.
Why'd you let him in?
Well, they want to see if he's
talking to anybody homegrown.
Why here?
Every morning he comes
here to meet someone.
Run him down.
Hmm.
Elias Kassar.
Fought with
the Christian Phalangists
in the Civil War,
then disappeared.
Popped up in the '90s with the
paramilitaries in Colombia.
Renting a house
month-to-month in Shek O.
Who's he meet?
No one.
No one ever shows.
He texts.
Is your phone an Android?
Can I see it?
Trang.
Bluetooth transmitter.
Short range.
We would never pick it up.
See, they don't
come to meet him.
They come to meet this.
Kassar texts,
Wu, Yan and Li walk by.
The receivers in
their pockets pick it up.
They read it, delete it.
Kassar never meets them,
never sees them.
No emails.
No phones. No nothing.
Slick.
Can you crack it?
In about a month.
See, it's locked
in GPG encryption.
So, at least a 512-bit key.
We pick him up,
lean all over him.
Or we let him ride and tail
him to the main player.
Ah, you don't
have a choice.
I mean, this guy's history.
He ain't gonna roll.
I think we let him ride.
Yeah.
Sunrise is in two hours.
When this is over,
what will you do?
I don't know. Fix TVs,
garage door openers.
Are you still gonna like me if
I'm fixing garage door openers?
I don't know.
Maybe.
They're moving the money.
All three accounts.
Wire transfers
to a Macau casino.
They're cashing out.
Surveillance?
Nobody's moved.
Kassar?
We can't reach
Yan's team in Shek O.
We're going to Shek O.
We're going to Shek O
to pick up Kassar.
Launch STU.
Meet at the heliport.
I'm going to
pick up the mules.
Let's talk about this.
I'm not blind.
I know the two of
you are together.
But look at it through my
eyes and what do you see?
"Hathaway. Been in prison.
Damaged goods.
"Not much to offer
my sister,
"and his future's not
exactly guaranteed,"
is what I'd see.
What else?
"She deserves better,"
I'd think, if I was Chen.
I've rarely
seen her happier.
But what if this fails?
Nine more years in prison.
What kind of life
is that for her?
Chen, it's Barrett.
I hear you.
The mules.
We've got Li and Yan.
And listen,
we can't reach
surveillance in Shek O.
Come on. This way.
Trang!
Hold on, man! Hold on!
Stay down!
Go! Go!
Come on.
Elias!
Elias, you coming?
Come on! Come on!
Don't wait!
Drive the barge out of here!
Wai.
It's Paul Wang.
We were able to restore the
water above the fuel rods
and stabilize the reactor.
It's still hot,
but we can get in.
Nick! Mark!
I still don't get it.
What's he after?
And Why this?
Hey, what'd she say?
Move fast.
Wang!
- Wang!
- Hey!
Take him!
Both of you,
get out of here!
Hathaway...
We were right.
In the memory dump are the
fragments of the malware.
But it's corrupted.
Maybe his IP address,
but it's too full of holes.
You know, when the Feeb team
busted me in '07 and hit my door,
I was flushing files.
But when I came to trial,
they retrieved all this data that
should have been irretrievable.
Black Widow.
It's NSA software.
Examines fragments
and reconstructs originals
within a couple of
hours of supercomputing.
Big cases like yours,
they loan it to us.
Rich, I need access
to Black Widow.
Sharing classified
tech with the Chinese?
Are you kidding?
That's not even getting
into Hathaway using it.
We've committed to
full cooperation, Rich.
Yeah, well, you're Justice.
We're NSA.
If I wanted to, I can't.
And I don't want to.
An unequivocal "No."
Okay, so how's it work?
You give NSA the data,
they run it, what?
No, they have
a remote login.
We run it.
You're not thinking.
Come on. They got
the keys to the kingdom.
Our guy's address, maybe.
Whatever he's cooking up
next is right in there.
Only, we can't read it.
Let's go.
My old correspondence
with Donahue is here.
But there's no way that
login is still active.
I'm not gonna
use that login.
Okay, Donahue,
the NSA contact you
were just talking with.
If NSA discovers
the intrusion...
You sure you want
to do this?
FBI can't explain
after the fact?
You locate this guy,
you're okay.
You get discovered,
you're dead meat.
You know that,
don't you?
The NSA guy
you were talking to,
what's his
supervisor's name?
Ben Hitchens.
Maybe it's better
if the two of you and you
aren't around for the next part
so you can deny being here.
How do you feel
about this?
Not good.
It's worse for
the guy in there.
I'm surprised
you went along.
Washington didn't
see Chai Wan.
You asked him
to change his password?
When he downloaded
the PDF...
...what he downloaded
was the keylogger.
Got it.
Now, we wait.
We're in.
You can call me
"chica" any time you want.
This is our actor's
home IP address.
His home server.
He's not in Mumbai,
not in Minneapolis, not in Riga.
He is in Jakarta.
Can you crack the site?
No.
Intrarmour's a hosting company
like a hotel or a Swiss bank,
exclusively for
black hat hackers,
so it's bulletproof.
His server's in there,
but we can't crack the site.
All right. So, the move
is strictly low tech.
As in...
Go to Jakarta,
burglarize the place,
get our hands
on his server.
We don't have visas or badges
that work in Indonesia.
Can't FBI
get us documented?
After the NSA turndown,
I'd stay away from D.C.
Then I'll work my side
of the house for entry.
That'll take a face-to-face
with my bosses.
- All right.
You getting anywhere?
No.
Not into the servers.
But I got into
lntrarmour's accounting.
Look at this.
Charges to our boy's account.
Okay, so?
Mmm.
Look at this. $14, $17.
Now, $16,400.
Five times.
Paid to SatelliteShot.
SatelliteShot
rents satellite time.
What kind of shot?
This kind.
Hi-res scan.
Of the coast of Malaysia.
What's there?
Nothing much.
Why'd he scan there?
Shit!
This is Barrett.
What the hell did you
let go on there, Carol?
Pollack?
Do you know
what your guy did?
What are you talking about?
Cut the crap.
I'm talking about calls
I got from the goddamn
NSA and Defense.
Our guy blew
a reactor at Chai Wan.
Don't you watch CNN?
That's not the point.
That's exactly the point.
The guy we're working
will drop the big hammer
and not think twice
about it.
Come on, come on, come on.
Don't evoke 9/11 on me.
You didn't lose
anyone there, Stanley.
Look, I'm under orders.
Now, so are you.
Bring him in, Carol.
Bring him in.
What's going on?
Damn it! Hathaway's gone.
Hey. This says he's here.
He cut his bracelet?
He can't.
It signals an alarm.
This says it's working.
Check your settings.
He reset it to
once every 24 hours.
We haven't been
tracking him since LA.
They're at
Cheung Hau Street.
Shit.
Hey.
They're coming for you.
They're coming for you
because of Black Widow.
That was fast.
They want me to turn you
over to the Americans.
So, turn me in
and walk away.
And then,
Barrett and Jessup will back me up.
NSA won't care.
They think because of you,
now we have Black Widow.
You have to run.
What? You're gonna
refuse an order?
You escaped.
We reconnect in Jakarta.
Look, your bosses
can add two and two.
I'm not turning you in.
Do I go with you or Nick?
Neither.
- What?
- This doesn't involve you.
Who made that choice?
He's right.
Look, I'm not sure there's any light
at the end of this tunnel anymore.
What did you do,
Chen Dawai?
Remind him
he owes you?
To get him
to leave me behind?
You're not going
down that road.
I decide what's for me!
Yeah, well, I decide
what's for me.
I'm going. You're not.
Right now,
we need our data.
Here.
You take the car.
You may have to move faster.
I'll bring the hard drive
to Quarry Bay.
He's in Kowloon.
Right here.
You're gonna take
him into custody?
I follow orders.
Which orders?
Stop the bad guys,
or arrest Hathaway?
I'm gonna ask you
a personal question.
Don't answer if
you don't want to.
Who did you lose in 9/11?
My husband.
You got to get rid
of that thing.
We got a couple of hours.
Hold it. Hold it.
He's on the move again.
He's in Hong Kong.
Quarry Bay.
Where?
He's headed toward Quarry Bay.
I thought you were
going separately.
Nick's taking
a small plane.
I'm flying commercial.
Sister, go home.
You did this.
All right, let's go.
Lien!
Hold up! Stop.
What?
Hold up. Hold up!
Stop.
What?
Listen!
I'm a fugitive now!
They'll issue
the warrant within hours!
Hey.
Would I take you
where I'm going?
Don't blame your brother.
No!
Go, go, go!
Barrett!
Lien, can they get
to the next stop
before the train?
Listen, we gotta
grieve later, okay?
We have to survive.
Can they get to the next
stop before the train?
No, they can't.
Okay, Okay.
We're both
going after them!
We're both going.
Yes, we are.
We are.
Perak, Malaysia.
Coordinates
are right here.
Here. Right here.
Looked at this.
He's got $74 million
in cash, he's writing code.
What for?
What's here?
You got Dean Palm Oil,
Pera Limited Mining.
Agriculture... Jesus.
Hey, this pump,
it's a Stasik pump.
They use
the same model
Stasik water pumps
as Chai Wan reactor.
The same brand.
Are they controlled
by the same PLCs?
Yes.
What are they
mining over there?
Pera Limited.
Mining tin.
Tin?
Malaysia is one of
the biggest exporters.
And there's four other tin mining
operations in the next valley.
This is a riverbed.
They divert water
with Stasik pumps.
You know why
Chai Wan reactor?
We've been looking through the
looking glass the wrong way.
He didn't target the reactor
to knock out the reactor.
He targeted it to
knock out the pumps.
He was rehearsing.
It was a rehearsal.
Chai Wan was a rehearsal.
He's going to shut down these
pumps and flood the tin mine,
and the valleys,
and the villages,
village people,
village dogs.
Create a shortage in tin.
Tin prices will rise and shoot up.
His $74 million from Chicago
was to buy options on tin ore.
That's what you're doing.
Isn't it, you son of a bitch?
All right,
look at this.
A third version
of his virus, running more PLCs.
Fifty-three...
Fifty-three PLCs.
Five different tin mines.
For which he's going to
flood five river valleys.
Here's the money
from Chicago.
$73.6 million
in cash,
deposited into
a local bank.
Bank Sentra Agatis.
To this address.
Hi.
Hello.
Excuse me, I'm sorry.
Can you speak English?
A little.
Okay.
I'm here to have
a meeting with
Mr. Jumhari in five minutes.
Go to the reception
on the third floor.
Yeah, I know, but
can you help me?
My presentation got stained.
Any chance,
can you print me a new copy,
please?
Not supposed to, but...
So?
Home run.
You got my message.
Why are you here?
You tell me, what do you want?
I am not gonna talk
to a fucking bagman.
Here's the terms.
Phones only. No face-to-face.
You got that? Good.
Next, your boss on
the line with me in 15.
That's not possible.
I have $74 million
of his money.
You make it possible.
Yeah.
Your note said
that you know me,
but I don't know you.
But that's not really true,
is it, Hathaway?
Yeah? I know you.
Ah, you do?
Well, that makes one of us.
Sometimes I wake
up in the morning
and I don't
even know who I am.
Where I am. In what country.
And you know me?
I know you,
and you're about money
because it's your scoreboard
in the virtual world.
You found me.
What do you want?
I want to be
Casper the Ghost.
Don't you have a job,
working yourself out of prison?
It was kind of a bad fit.
You're looking
for employment?
What do I want
employment for?
Oh, you want a piece?
To put yourself
back into the game?
You were never
in the game.
You're a glorified carder.
A carder whose
time is expired.
Check your expiration date.
Your shelf life is over.
A glorified carder
holding your $74 million.
Okay, last time.
What do you want?
I want 20% of
the Malaysian tin ore hit.
For releasing my money?
No, for renting you my code.
It's my action that gave
that code you wrote meaning.
What's it mean
without a bankroll?
You want to be my partner?
It's 20%. You call
it whatever you want.
I meet my partners.
Well, I don't.
And like I told your bagman,
I don't want to meet.
I don't give a fuck
about what you want.
It's what I want
when I make a deal,
face-to-face.
Because I can put
together another bankroll.
Target another target.
And if I stop thinking
about you,
if I stop thinking
about anything,
it disappears. It vanishes.
It ceases to exist.
But you...
You, I want to meet.
Or you can piss off
and die, Ghostman.
All right, you and Kassar.
I'll call you
and tell you where.
Sure.
Okay. We're on.
Emergency! Please.
It's all about if I can get
close enough fast enough.
Hey, I told you.
You and Kassar, alone.
Five men,
two floors below.
The team
And two gunmen
with them.
And the two guys
with you?
Lose them.
I'm changing the location.
You and Kassar,
Papua Square. Walk west.
Meet me in two hours.
It'll be packed.
How am I supposed to find you?
I find you.
Step back. Hands up.
Hands up, hands up.
Hands up. Turn around.
Turn around!
No one's ever gotten
this close before.
20% is too much, Hathaway.
You talking points?
Well, people die on
this planet every day.
What do you want me to do?
Grieve? Because I knew him?
He's not here anymore.
Where's my money?
Not about money.
Not about zeroes
or ones or code.
And what's that tell you?
Get out of the way!
I'm a gamer.
I hire people to do
sub-symbolic stuff.
You killed my friends.
I do my own.
And do I care?
The Betadine.
Here.
I got it.
Okay.
This one?
Yeah.
That's good. It's good.
Okay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org